Coming back for you?
I heard you got divorced, so I rushed back to marry you
Comrade Yang Yujie
Ok I'm kidding
I'm afraid you'll be nervous
The joke is not funny at all.
Ok I'm not kidding
I'm not going to leave this time.
Don't you welcome me as an old friend?
Welcome. Welcome.
Then shake hands
Otherwise, I thought you couldn't forget what happened back then
Zhu Yueshen, I regret not marrying you in the first place
Can you give me another chance?
Marry me, okay? Zhu Yushen
You are back.
Does it matter?
Who is he?
Comrade Yang Yujie
Miss my fiancee
Miss you
I am Yang Yujie
Zhou Yuesheng's girlfriend
I came back today to surprise him.
Comrade Yang Yujie
Wrong, it's an ex-girlfriend
It's not my fault.
Although it has been several years
But I can't forget it.
We have broken up
I miss you so generously, don't you mind?